Program.cs ------  Ana program 
Humanoid.cs ----- Virtual Human Class (primitive now )
localmethods.cs --- its so cold in ireland
incoming file :  common variables.


humanoid is a human simulation class

that will simulate human behaviour like find food, collect food, eat food, work for it "for now" for this primitive version

as we do develop the human class with maybe millions of copy  in a program 

will give us a society and economic simulator.

with this engine.  

My idea is to lead it two game ideas 

OFFLINE Game
1 - adding companies, land, banks and assets , and let humanoid produce , consume and trade in engine and 
    player will lead the economy via setting some parameters ( something like superpower 2  economy )

ONLINE GAME
2 - billions of humanoids will be located on different sectors on world map,  player will connect to game via mobile phone 
    according to real world coordinate of the player ( GPS singal (prevent gps cheating)) ,  he will connect to the market of humanoids
    in sector and also same market conditions with other real players in same sector. 
    Player will do trade on market try to make profit. ( Like patrician game but the ships are players :D) 
    When player will go another place "physically"  prices will differ and our player will enjoy new opportunuties.


TR:

şöle bişe .  temel bi insan classı oluşturcam

sabit te olabilir arta da bilir.

bunun belli  değişkenleri olcak , bulunduğu toplum sınıfı, meslek türü, gibi  ihtiyaçları falan bi min max gibi bi range içinde.

bide bunlar belli lokasyonlarda olcak.  şehir gibi düşğn

tamamen değişken haldeyiz ama görsel bişe gelmesin aklına.

öle bi back end yazmalıyım ki her bir insan için tek tek her iterasyonda örneğin x tane aksiyon yapsın istiyorum

o lokasyondaki marketten ihtiyacına binaen bişe alsın. bişe tüketsin.

bişe üretsin falan

yani bir toplum ve ekonomik similasyon gibi

bunu önden bi yapıcam sürdürülebilir dengeli bişeye çevircem.  yani hiç müdehale olmadan bunları bi dengeye oturtmak istiyorum.

bunların lokasyonları da reel dünyada koordinatlara map licem.

gerçek oyuncular girince.  telefondaki gps sinyaline göre , yakın lokasyonlardan bi ortalama ile pazara erişecekler

ve yer değiştirdikçe  "fiziken"  ve zamana göre arz talep e göre

trade yapacaklar

fırsatlara göre

geçen senelerde çıkan pokemon buna benzer bi konsept.
